In 1928, on mountains covered with snow, a
climber is on his expedition to the peak.
He encounters a glowing sphere of ice on the
way and tries to break it with his pickaxe,
only to be overwhelmed by an intense blinding
light.
Just then, he finds himself waking up from
a short blackout.
Strangely enough, the sphere is gone and there
is a scar on his hand.
What was that sphere?
Why is his hand left injured?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to the movie titled: The Day
the Earth Stood Still.
Be aware: there are spoilers!
Time travel to modern-day America, Dr. Helen,
an astrobiologist, returns home after work
with her stepson Jacob.
She receives a strange phone call from a man
announcing that she’ll be picked up in a
couple of minutes.
While Helen is still confused, the US government
shows up and drags her out of the house under
Federal protection.
She has a neighbor take care of Jacob and
leaves with the men immediately.
Helen arrives at a military base and joins
other scientists, who also have no idea about
this government mobilization.
The group is brought to Ft.
Linwood Military Academy, New Jersey.
Entering the base, they are required to submit
all cell phones and cameras.
Helen manages to hide her phone before that.
Just then she meets with her friend Michael
and has him explain this whole story in a
conference room.
An object is detected beyond Jupiter's orbit
and is moving at 30,000 kilometers per second.
It is forecasted to impact Manhattan, eventually
would destroy all life on Earth in 78 minutes.
Later, Helen secretly makes a phone call to
Jacob and tells the boy to hide in the shelter
tonight no matter what happens.
Next, she is put on a helicopter along with
a group of other scientists to formulate a
survival plan.
However, at the time of the impact, all is
quiet.
There is a huge sphere landing from the sky,
followed by dense fog at the time the helicopter
releases all the scientists.
Helen slowly approaches the sphere in the
bright light and sees a figure also comes
to her.
As Helen is about to shake hands with that
being, government snipers shoot it for Helen’s
safety.
Helen holds the figure and calls for a medic.
Just then, a giant robot emerges, creating
a sound that irritates all humans and disrupts
all electrical systems around.
Before the robot can take the being back,
it is ordered to shut down by the being.
The being is rapidly taken to the operating
room to remove the bullet.
The doctor breaks the cover around it and
finds whale blubber texture and it begins
to fall off on its own.
The being turns into a human baby as if it
was born here on earth.
The being is immediately put into an incubator
while it "grows".
Shortly after that, a full-grown "human" develops
inside the incubator.
He’s awake and encounters convulsion in
the incubator.
The first person there to speak to him is
Helen.
The United States Secretary of Defense, Regina
meets with Helen and the team about the being.
It reveals that the aliens landed for the
first time on earth in 1928.
The patch of skin removed from the mountaineer's
hand was a DNA sample so the being could replicate
itself into human form.
He introduces himself as Klaatu, a representative
of a group of alien races sent to talk to
the world leaders.
Regina tells him that she is the nearest he
is going to get to their president and to
just tell her what he wants.
He refuses so she orders Klaatu to be drugged
and interrogated instead of being sent to
a secure location.
Michael objects to her idea but Helen volunteers
to drug him.
However, Helen injects Klaatu with water,
attempting to free him.
In the lie detector test, Klaatu takes mind
control of the government officer and learns
an escape map from him.
He then creates the high-pitch sounds and
jams the electrical system, finally getting
out of the center.
Klaatu makes it to a railway station, only
to find himself bleeding again from the bullet
wound.
He then makes a phone call to Helen for help.
He is then taken away in Helen's car with
Jacob in the back seat, stating that he is
a friend to the Earth.
In the car, Klaatu requires Helen to give
him a jar inside her own pocket, which Helen
never knew was there before.
He rubs the paste on his wound and sees it
heals immediately.
She drives in the rain under the man’s direction.
Meanwhile, the arrival of the sphere has caused
a worldwide panic.
The United States military manages to destroy
the robot from the beginning whose name is
"GORT".
However, their efforts are discouraged by
the robot when most of the drones attacks
are taken down.
They capture the robot instead to learn about
it further.
Elsewhere on the highway, Jacob asks Klaatu
what should mankind deal with the aliens at
the moment, should they run, fight or stay?
Klaatu simply answers none of them and requires
Helen to pull over a McDonald’s.
There he meets with an Asian man named Mr.
Wu.
It’s revealed that he is another alien who
had been assigned by the same group of alien
civilizations to live with the humans for
70 years.
Wu tells Klaatu that he has found the human
race to be destructive and unwilling to change,
which matches Klaatu's experiences.
Their purpose of coming here is to save the
Earth from destruction by humankind.
After the meeting, Klaatu comes to a forest
and orders a smaller sphere hidden in a pond.
It turns out there are lots of similar spheres
appearing around the world to begin taking
animal species off the planet before Klaatu
represents the alien civilizations to destroy
humankind.
During this time, Jacob confronts Helen about
the man’s presence and the reason Helen
has to drive him with them.
Helen just tells him it is complicated.
Disappointed at Helen, Jacob rushes out to
go home by himself.
The two then see a sphere flying up the sky,
which is seen at other places all around the
Earth at the same time.
Klaatu comes back from the woods and explains
to Helen, saying this planet is dying.
Helen tries to convince Klaatu that the world
is not bad and that humans can change the
earth for the better.
While they are talking, a cop spots Klaatu
and reports to the government.
Can’t convince the cop, Klaatu accidentally
kills him by controlling the car hitting the
man.
Jacob accuses Klaatu of murderer.
Just then, Klaatu revives the cop with his
superpower.
She then takes him to the home of Barnhardt,
a Nobel prize-winning Professor.
The prof talks about how Klaatu's race went
through drastic, collaborative evolution to
prevent the demise of their planets.
Barnhardt believes that Earth is at the same
precipice, and humanity should be given a
chance to understand that it too must change.
When the trio is talking, Jacob sees Klaatu
on TV news and decides to report him to the
police.
Seeing the helicopters approaching, the trio
runs to the woods to escape.
Helen is caught immediately by the military.
Jacob is left behind, seeing Klaatu destroy
two helicopters with his mind-controlling
ability.
Scared, Jacob runs away and slips on the bridge.
Fortunately, Klaatu makes it to save the boy.
Meanwhile, in the examination tower, GORT
is burnt down.
However, the robot seems to be unharmed and
transforms into a swarm of winged, insect-like,
nano-machines that self-replicate as they
consume every man-made object in their path.
They quickly spread all around and turn everything
into dust.
At the same time, Helen convinces Regina that
she can stop Klaatu’s plan.
Back to Jacob and Klaatu, the boy soon realizes
Klaatu isn’t a bad guy.
They arrive at a cemetery where Jacob’s
father is buried.
Jacob tries to persuade Klaatu to save the
Earth, just like his father used to sacrifice
himself in the war for peace.
However, Klaatu doesn’t change his mind.
At this moment, Helen and Michael arrive.
Helen tells Jacob how much she missed his
father and they share a good cry.
The scene between the mother and son convinces
Klaatu.
He has a second thought and decides to save
humanity.
He tells Helen that he is not sure how to
stop the alien insects but he will try.
The group quickly returns to the sphere, where
Klaatu believes he can stop the insects from
there.
During this time, Regina attempts to convince
the president to wait for Helen.
However, the government decides to carry their
own plan to destroy GORT.
On the way, Helen notices something is odd
when the entire town has been evacuated.
As they turn to a roadblock, they are strangely
not chased by the military vehicles just like
a minute before.
When they approach the sphere, a bomb strikes
at the sphere, which is authorized by the
government.
This causes the car to flip over and Michael
dies right away.
The remaining tries to run away from the insect
clouds and hide in a tunnel.
Jacob and Helen begin to bleed out from their
noses, revealing the penetration from the
nano insects.
Helen pleads with Klaatu to save Jacob.
Just then, Klaatu decides to transfer all
the infection into his own body.
He then walks straight to the storms of insects
and tries to reach the sphere, sacrificing
himself to stop GORT.
A moment later, the nano insects are brought
down, making the technology devices becoming
useless and immobile.
There is a mass blackout around the world.
Humankind is finally saved.
Jacob and Helen come to the sphere and understand
that Klaatu didn’t die, he is just leaving!
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!